Workflows-as-programs: `nextstrain run` (#407)
nextstrain/cli: doc/commands/update.rst

.. code-block:: none

    usage: nextstrain update [<pathogen-name>[@<version>] | <runtime-name> […]]
           nextstrain update
           nextstrain update --help

Updates Nextstrain pathogens and runtimes to the latest available versions, if any.

> When this command is run without arguments, the default version for each set up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this command is run without arguments, the default version for each setup
```

Author: I think it's correct as is, technically? The full sentence reads:

> When this command is run without arguments, the default version for each set up pathogen (none) and the default runtime (docker) […]

Reviewer: yeah, I think you're right, suggestion withdrawn.
